adding note about contacting us/checking spam (#197)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: thanks.md

};
</script>

Thank you for your account request! You should get an email with "[CHTC Requests]" in the subject line within the next 
few minutes and a <a href="get-help.shtml">research 

> computing facilitator</a> be in touch within a business day. 

Author: ```suggestion
computing facilitator</a> should be in touch within a business day. 
```

If you don't get an email with the "CHTC Requests" subject or hear from a research computing facilitator within a 

> day, please double check your spam folder to confirm that these emails did not go to spam; if they aren't in spam, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
day, please check your spam folder; if they aren't in spam, 
```

> please contact us at our main email address at the bottom of this website to confirm that we received your account request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please contact us via the email address at the bottom of this page to confirm that we received your account request. 
```
